create handleBlobUpload helpers (#221)
vercel/storage: packages/blob/README.md

}> {}
```

### handleBlobUpload(options)

Handles the requests to generate a client token and respond to the upload completed event. This is useful when [uploading directly from browsers](#uploading-directly-from-browsers) to circumvent the 4MB limitation of going through a Vercel-hosted route.

```ts
async function handleBlobUpload(options?: {
  token?: string;
  request?: IncomingMessage | Request;
  onBeforeGenerateToken: (pathname: string) => Promise<{
    allowedContentTypes?: string[];

>     maximumSizeInBytes?: number;

Reviewer: is there a default? if yes let's add it here as a comment

Author: there is no default, we only validate this field in case it's defined

>     validUntil?: number;

Reviewer: is there a default? if yes let's add it here as a comment

    metadata?: string;
  }>;
  onUploadCompleted: (body: {
    type: 'blob.upload-completed';
    payload: {
      blob: BlobResult;
      metadata?: string;
    };
  }) => Promise<void>;
  body:
    | {
        type: 'blob.upload-completed';
        payload: {
          blob: BlobResult;
          metadata?: string;
        };
      }
    | {
        type: 'blob.generate-client-token';
        payload: { pathname: string; callbackUrl: string };
      };
}): string {}
```

Note: This method should be called server-side, not client-side.

### generateClientTokenFromReadWriteToken(options)

> Generates a single-use token that can be used from within the client. This method is called internally by `handleBlobUpload`.

Author: we may add an "Advanced use case" section later on, wdyt @vvo ?

Reviewer: Yes I think that would be useful for folks willing to go full customization as we discussed (caching token, swr, ..). Can you track this in Linear? Thanks!

Author: https://linear.app/vercel/issue/STO-669/document-client-upload-advanced-use-case

            return;
          }

>           const blobResult = await put(file.name, file, {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          // A secured client token will be obtained automatically by making a call to `/api/upload/avatars`
          const blobResult = await put(file.name, file, {
```

```

```ts
// /app/api/upload/avatars/route.ts

import { handleBlobUpload, type HandleBlobUploadBody } from '@vercel/blob';
import { NextResponse } from 'next/server';

export async function POST(request: Request): Promise<NextResponse> {
  const body = (await request.json()) as HandleBlobUploadBody;

>   // The request will run at least 2 times:
>   // - the first time when generating a client token, the body will contain the {type: "blob.generate-client-token"} object.
>   // - the second time once the file upload completed, the body will contain the {type: "blob.upload-completed"} object. This request will retry for 5 times in case the response returns an error status code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // Uploading from browsers is a three-step process:
  // - First, a specific client token is generated by this current route and sent to the browser. The request body will contain a `{ type: "blob.generate-client-token", ... }` object.
  // - Second, the file is uploaded to Vercel Blob directly from the browser, using the client token. The file content doesn't go through this route.
  // - Third, a webhook is called on this route (`onUploadCompleted`). The request body will contain a `{ type: "blob.upload-completed", ... }` object. This webhook will be retried five times in case your route doesn't reply with a 200.
```

  try {

>     const jsonResponse = await handleBlobUpload({

Reviewer: I can't find where do we document the API of handleBlobUpload, the same way we document the API of https://github.com/vercel/storage/blob/fabiobenedetti/sto-666-create-next-handlers-to-simplify-the-file-upload/packages/blob/README.md#putpathname-body-options for example

Author: oh true, I forgot it!

      body,
      request,
      onBeforeGenerateToken: async (pathname) => {

>         // On a real website, this route would be protected by authentication, see: https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/routing/authenticating

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // In most cases, you should authenticate users before allowing upload tokens to be generated and sent to browsers. Otherwise, you're exposing your Blob store to be an anonymous upload platform.
        // See https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/routing/authenticating for more informations
```

        const { user, userCanUpload } = await auth(request, pathname);

        if (!userCanUpload) {
          throw new Error('not authenticated or bad pathname');
        }

        return {
          maxFileSize: 10_000_000,
          allowedContentTypes: ['image/jpeg', 'image/png', 'image/gif'],
          metadata: JSON.stringify({
            userId: user.id,
          }),
        };
      },
      onUploadCompleted: async ({ blob, metadata }) => {
        console.log('Upload completed', blob, metadata);
        try {
          // Run any logic after the file upload completed

>           await db.update({ avatar: blob.url, userId: metadata.userId });

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          const parsedMetadata = JSON.parse(metadata);
          await db.update({ avatar: blob.url, userId: parsedMetadata.userId });
```

?

Author: ok, I'd still prefer the `metadata: any` though 😅
